React: add info about custom nested configuration components (#6801)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/50 React Components/40 Component Configuration Syntax/80 Custom Nested Configuration Components.md

> Reuse parts of your application with custom nested configuration components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can reuse parts of your application with custom nested configuration components.
```

> For example, you can wrap common settings to reuse in multiple DataGrids:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, you can wrap common settings and reuse them in different DataGrids:
```

    const CommonSettings = () => {
        return (
            <>
                <GroupPanel visible={true} />
                <SearchPanel visible={true} highlightCaseSensitive={true} />
                <Grouping autoExpandAll={false} />
            </>
        );
    };

    const MyGrid = () => (
        <DataGrid>
            <CommonSettings />
            <Column dataField="SaleDate" dataType="date" />
            <Column dataField="Product" />
        </DataGrid>
    );

[important]

Avoid creating custom nested configuration components that may update separately from the parent DevExtreme component. 

> Usually, React components that rely on high-level React context or whose state can change independently from the parent component can be updated even if a parent component does not re-render. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
React components that rely on high-level React context or whose state can change independently from the parent component can usually be updated even if a parent component does not re-render. 
```
